Docs Floating Action Button (#2715)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/floatingactionbutton/positions.md

> ---

Reviewer: Consider `position-and-alignment.md` for better SEO or or just `position.md` for future-proofness.

title: Position
page_title: Floating Action Button Position
description: Explore the position and alignment settings of the Floating Action Button for Blazor.
slug: fab-positions
tags: telerik,blazor,floating action button,position,align,alignment
published: True
position: 2
---

# Position Settings

You can position and align the Blazor Floating Action Button component relative to its parent container by using the available parameters. The example at the bottom of the page lets you experiment with the available parameters.

## Position

> The `PositionMode` parameter accepts a member of the FloatingActionButtonPositionMode enum and controls the CSS position of the FloatingActionButton:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `PositionMode` parameter accepts a member of the `FloatingActionButtonPositionMode` enum and controls the CSS position of the Floating Action Button:
```

<TelerikFloatingActionButton HorizontalAlign="@HorizontalAlign"
                             VerticalAlign="@VerticalAlign"
                             Icon="SvgIcon.Pin" />

<style>
    .custom-container {
        display: flex;
        justify-content: center;
        align-items: center;
        height: 100vh;
        column-gap: 10px;
    }
</style>

@code {
    private FloatingActionButtonHorizontalAlign HorizontalAlign { get; set; } = FloatingActionButtonHorizontalAlign.Start;
    private List<FloatingActionButtonHorizontalAlign> HorizontalAligns { get; set; } = new List<FloatingActionButtonHorizontalAlign>()
    {
        FloatingActionButtonHorizontalAlign.Start,
        FloatingActionButtonHorizontalAlign.Center,
        FloatingActionButtonHorizontalAlign.End
    };

    private FloatingActionButtonVerticalAlign VerticalAlign { get; set; } = FloatingActionButtonVerticalAlign.Top;
    private List<FloatingActionButtonVerticalAlign> VerticalAligns { get; set; } = new List<FloatingActionButtonVerticalAlign>()
    {
        FloatingActionButtonVerticalAlign.Top,
        FloatingActionButtonVerticalAlign.Middle,
        FloatingActionButtonVerticalAlign.Bottom
    };
}

> ````

Reviewer 2: Add a `## See Also` section.
